So were you successful.
Did you successfully implement the same for the recipes as I mentioned.
It is pretty much the same and therefore you could also reuse certain parts like the component here.
The pop over component I mean that page could also be re-used for the recipes here because we're all
pretty much use the same pop over with load and store.
Right.
So it will actually we use it.
This of course means that I will take it and put it in the top level of our pétrus here.
And of course you could implement the separate pop overas for shopping list and recipes.
That is why I showed you how you might also nested because maybe you want to have different patterns
for the recipes and for the shopping list hero ever it will be the same.
Therefore I will rename this page to just database options and rename the folder like this rename the
file name to database options rename the page itself of course.
So here this should now be named database options page and there's of course also means that we have
to just add in our app module here.
You should just as options page to data base options page and make sure to import it like this from
the database options page remove the old import.
So make sure to adjust your import basically to the new path in your file name and you MFX using a class
name database options page.
So this is now the app module adjusted.
Of course we also need to adjust our shopping list page where we were using our shopping list options
page.
Does this now the database options page and we find it now under database options and the file name
as database options.
So this all needs to be adjusted.
It's all in a different POV.
We have to go up one level now to reach our database options.
And of course we also need to adjust names on here when we create pop over.
So some changes to make this more generic to make it reusable.
We can now reuse it in our recipe component.
I will actually copy the whole on show options method and the handle error method and method in-between
which I'll delete.
And I'll put it into the recipe's file.
And again you can centralize this.
You can centralize this this is so important to stress.
I'm just not doing this here because I really want to be explicit about this and I wanted to make it
easy to understand where the code lives but putting this into its own service and therefore centralizing
it certainly is a great idea.
So I'm going to do it in this file though I need to inject a couple of things here in the recipe service
excuse me the recipe page.
Now since I will also need to pop over control there there.
So let's add the pop over control or property of type pop over control that we injected.
Let's also add the loading controllers since I want to display that too.
And let's finally add the urge controller to be able to present alerts.
Make sure to add all those imports at the top from ionic angular like this.
Restructuring it to make it a bit easier to read here.
So make sure to add all those imports from ionic angular.
And with that and we're able to now use these tools to create the pop over to create our alerts and
the loading.
However we still also have to add it to the template and we have to add this database options page import.
So make sure to add this import and make sure to all inject the off service so that you can get access
to the active user and therefore to the token just the same logic as for the shopping list page.
So if that's all injected missing pieces now dead we have to replace shopping lists service year with
recipe's service and add those methods there of course they also don't need that type assignment.
I will fix this soon.
I will start with showing the dropdown those the pop over I should say in the template and I could copy
those from the shopping list file but I will do it manually again.
So that is really something you keep in mind here.
We already have and I unbuttons blog.
I will simply add another button here and this should be the button which allows me to view my pop over.
So here again this will receive the on button directive.
I can only because it only is a button and click I'm executing on show options an important past event
angler gives you the Stiefel Chalion mouse event which holds the coordinates inside the button.
Let's add the I and I can element and the name was more those three dots that were able to pre-sent
that.
However we still have some arrows.
We need to reach out to the recipe service for example to well fetch the right data.
And we even need to implement those methods in that service for us.
We don't do this as of now.
So let's go to the recipe service and just like I did it in the shopping list service I'll add two new
methods.
Store list which will take a token which is a string as an argument.
And then also fetch list which also receives a token as an argument.
Let's start with storing again here.
I want to return something I want to really turn the observable the angular HTP service gives me and
four days I need the HD service right.
So again let's add injectable to the recipe service to make sure that we can inject a service into the
service make sure imported from an angular core So this is the first step.
Now we can inject the HTP service here otherwise you would get an error.
So let's inject angler age to deep service here.
Make sure to import this from an angular age to DP and with the HDP service inject that we can now return
this age to Depay and now you're also put with the same logic as the shopping component to override
old data.
And I will copy to you or else from the shopping service for you are l including the token.
However I will change something about it.
Of course I don't want to target the shopping list node.
I will treat a new recipes note here to save the data there and then also need to get my user ID for
which I'll need the office service.
So let's inject the off service year of service like this.
Also make sure to add this import and wifi off service added.
I can now reach out to the off service get my active user and get the unique ID which I use in my l.
Well and finally I need to pass a body and this body is simply my list of recipes which I'm already
storing in the service here.
This is all this allows me to store recipes knowledge.
Also implement the method to get recipes for this.
I will again reach out or get my user ID I should say and then return this age to dippie get with that
or else that same Ural with the token of course get this data.
And that's basically all.
However as before I will unlock some operators with our X chairs are x added as an import up here so
that they can use some observable operators.
For example the map operator to take the response I get which is a type response and you need to import
this response type from an angler HTP to just like before.
So to take this response and extract the data and transform it into a javascript object with the Jason
method we have on this response object.
And then I also want to execute to do Meffert I know did I get some recipes here.
So an array of recipes that is.
And I want to assign that to my recipe array here.
So this recipes is equal to recipes and one extra thing we should add here is a little check if recipe
is actually set.
Otherwise I don't want to set my recipes year to null.
I instead want to set the recipes stored in the service to an empty array.
And as mentioned before you could change this logic to orzo instead not touched them if you prefer this.
This is also a little tweak.
I want to add the shopping list here here.
I also want to check if it did get ingredients and actually we can rename this because we know that
it will be an array of ingredients.
So here I want to check if we actually did receive ingredients
and only if we did get ingredients only in this case I'll assign them to my existing ingredients Arbor
wise I will set these ingredients to an empty area again.
I could also leave us untouched in this case.
So that's a tiny tweak to the shopping list.
Now any recipes here I am fetching the data.
I'm mapping it.
I'm retrieving it here.
I also want to map the data here on the store list Meffert I also want to extract the content of the
response you're simply with.
Responds Jason like this.
Putting it all into one line here therefore I can omit the return statement does this 6 syntax.
So that I set up my recipe service.
Now let's go back to the recipes page and here I can replace s l service with recipe service of course.
I do have fecche list in there and do pass the token.
I know that my list will actually hold some recipes.
So let's change the type assignments and I'm storing this in our recipes property.
This refers to the recipe property here dicere of recipes on this page.
So with that I'm now replacing the correct thing and up and storing of course also when I reach out
to the recipe service call store or list and the rest is OK as it is.
So that was rather fast but it blurred the same steps as before implementing those store and fetch methods
in the recipe service injecting the service injecting HTP into the recipe service reaching out to the
user or getting the token storing data and fetching that data.
And with this all in place let's see overlooked something.
But I think it should work as I expect that Icesave does now let it recompile so that our app reloads
and ifort go to recipe's network on load see the loader nothing changes because I don't have any recipes
stored.
Now let's create a new recipe here.
A schnitzel which is of course very tasty.
Let's set it to easy and also add a new ingredient like meat and oils and Gnabry ingredient like French
fries.
I bet you never saw that example before.
Let's head new recipe and now Elliott hit save let's have a look at our fire was console looks promising.
We got this new recipe note with one element which is a schnitzel very tasty difficulty easy and it
get two ingredients mead and French fries so this looks pretty good.
Now if I reload this application so that the data is gone and I head load last year it actually fetches
the schnitzel and we can start working on it for example.
Not that for example simply remove all ingredients save days so that the ingredients are gone.
And now if I had saved list again since I used to put it simply overrides the old data.
So now the ingredients is gone and this will now lead to an issue.
Let's go to recipes and hit load we get an error.
Now do you know why we didn't get an error.
The problem is if you have a look at our firebase data it was now saved with no ingredients and therefore
if we fetch it we don't have to add ingredients property.
It's OK if it's an empty array but if it's nonexistent.
This is an issue.
So we need to solve this.
And we also have a number if you let's open it pop over and close it by clicking somewhere else.
We get a number error.
Now action is not found or that the property action cannot read cannot be read on a null object.
So that's also something we have to handle.
Let's fix those two errors in the next lectures.